=== non-satire ===

Woman tests the limits of hotel's pet policy by taking in her horse

One horse lover wanted to test a hotel's pet policy after one receptionist said it didn't discriminate.

Lindsey Partridge, who in 2015 created Harmony Horsemanship, an organization that helps riders better understand their horses, told ABC News she was driving from Pontypool, Canada, to Kentucky Horse Park in Lexington, Kentucky, when she decided to check into her hotel.

A riding coach, she was there to compete in the Retired Racehorse Project’s Thoroughbred Makeover, in which hundreds of retired racehorses compete in categories such as field hunter, polo, ranch work and trail.

"We left at, like, 3 in the morning, and when we got down there, the hotel is before you get to the horse park," Partridge, 31, recalled. "We figured we may as well stop and unload our luggage."

That's when she spotted a dog in the lobby of the Supreme 8 in Georgetown, Kentucky. She said she remarked to the receptionist that she didn't realize the hotel had a pet policy and joked she had a few horses outside.

"The receptionist said, 'Oh, I don't care. Sure, bring them in.'"
Astonished, Partridge figured she would, taking a few funny photos, which have since earned attention on Facebook, with more than 2,000 reactions. She unloaded her 5-year-old thoroughbred named Blizz, since, she said, "she was the easiest to get off the trailer."

Some hotel guests "were pretty surprised, but they all knew it was fun," Partridge said. "I hope that this shows people that horses really can be quiet, calm and nice."

The owners of Supreme 8 confirmed the incident for ABC News.

They clarified their pet policy in a statement, saying, "We did not know she was going to bring the horse into the facility. We are pet-friendly, and it is [for animals] 25 pounds and under. We had no knowledge of it being in the room."

The funny incident seemed to be good luck for Blizz, which earned third place in the trail competition and sixth in the field hunter competition.





=== real news ===

Maltese journalist's son says she was murdered for exposing corruption

VALLETTA (Reuters) - The son of Malta’s best-known investigative journalist said on Tuesday his mother was killed by a car bomb because of her work exposing political corruption, as hundreds of people held a demonstration to demand justice.
Daphne Caruana Galizia, who wrote about graft across Malta’s political divides on her blog, died when explosives ripped through her car minutes after she left her home in the north of the island on Monday afternoon.

Maltese authorities were waiting for the arrival of Dutch forensic experts and American FBI agents to help the investigations.

“My mother was assassinated because she stood between the rule of law and those who sought to violate it, like many strong journalists,” Matthew Caruana Galizia said on Facebook.

“She was also targeted because she was the only person doing so,” he added. He described rushing to the scene, only to find the burning car and her remains.

On Tuesday afternoon, several hundred people demonstrated in front of the law courts demanding justice for her killing.

“The state did not defend Daphne,” shouted Andrew Borg Cardona, addressing the crowd. He said those who accused her of “going over the top” with her investigations “are all guilty”.

One woman carried a votive lamp with the murdered journalist’s picture in it and another carried a sign that read “Looks like we can’t have freedom of speech but we want justice”.

Recently, Galizia had been following up leads from information in the so-called Panama Papers, a large collection of documents from an offshore law firm in the Central American nation that were leaked in 2015.

She was tracing alleged links between Maltese officials and offshore banks and companies used as tax havens.

Half an hour before the explosion, Galizia wrote on her blog: “There are crooks everywhere you look now. The situation is desperate.”

Daphne Caruana Galizia, who wrote about graft across Malta’s political divides on her blog, died when explosives ripped through her car minutes after she left her home in the north of the island on Monday afternoon.

Maltese authorities were waiting for the arrival of Dutch forensic experts and American FBI agents to help the investigations.

“My mother was assassinated because she stood between the rule of law and those who sought to violate it, like many strong journalists,” Matthew Caruana Galizia said on Facebook.

“She was also targeted because she was the only person doing so,” he added. He described rushing to the scene, only to find the burning car and her remains.

On Tuesday afternoon, several hundred people demonstrated in front of the law courts demanding justice for her killing.

“The state did not defend Daphne,” shouted Andrew Borg Cardona, addressing the crowd. He said those who accused her of “going over the top” with her investigations “are all guilty”.

One woman carried a votive lamp with the murdered journalist’s picture in it and another carried a sign that read “Looks like we can’t have freedom of speech but we want justice”.

Recently, Galizia had been following up leads from information in the so-called Panama Papers, a large collection of documents from an offshore law firm in the Central American nation that were leaked in 2015.

She was tracing alleged links between Maltese officials and offshore banks and companies used as tax havens.

Half an hour before the explosion, Galizia wrote on her blog: “There are crooks everywhere you look now. The situation is desperate.”

TWO EXPLOSIONS

The killing near the village of Bidnija stunned the Mediterranean island. Authorities said it was the first murder of a journalist there.

“I saw a small explosion coming from the car and I panicked. A few seconds later, around three to four seconds, there was another, larger explosion,” said resident Frans Sant, who was driving in the other direction.

“The car continued coming down the hill, skidding at high speed, full of fire. The car missed me by around 10 feet. I tried to help but the fire was too much and the car ended up in the field,” he told Reuters Television.

Prime Minister Joseph Muscat and opposition leader Adrian Delia - who had both been criticised on Galizia’s blog - both condemned the killing.

“Everyone knows Caruana Galizia was a harsh critic of mine, both politically and personally, but nobody can justify this barbaric act in any way,” said Muscat, who had been suing her over some of her allegations.

Opposition leader Adrian Delia called her killing an attack on democracy and freedom of expression and demanded an independent inquiry.

“We will not accept an investigation by the Commissioner of Police, the Army commander or the duty magistrate, all of whom were criticised by Caruana Galizia,” he said on Monday.




=== satire ===

This Shooting Isn’t About Gun Control We Refuse To Pass, It’s About Access To Mental Health Care We’re Continuing To Gut

As our nation struggles to come to grips with the horrible tragedy in Las Vegas, it’s only natural for people to search for an explanation of how an atrocity like this could have happened and to call on their elected officials to take measures to prevent such terrible bloodshed from occurring again in the future. Unfortunately, however, we’ve seen enough of these incidents to know that some people will rush to blame firearms for this carnage and will demand that Congress enact sweeping gun restrictions, engaging in misguided efforts that completely miss the underlying reasons behind the violence we’re seeing.

The simple truth is, mass shootings like this aren’t about gun control we refuse to pass. They’re about access to mental health care that we will continue to gut.

You can already hear the calls from the left. In the aftermath of this mass murder, millions of people are once again pushing for an assault weapons ban that I won’t allow lawmakers to give even a moment of consideration, let alone bring to a vote. If these folks actually examined the realities of the issue, they would see that the real culprit in these incidents is, and always has been, our country’s inadequate mental healthcare system that leaves troubled, potentially violent individuals without the support they need, and which my colleagues and I have spent most of our careers seeking, often successfully, to defund.

The reason we have tragedies like this is because of how our healthcare system that I am dead set on undermining fails to serve Americans in desperate need of psychological treatment. Not because of a lack of gun ownership regulations, the slightest toughening of which will never even receive a single second of debate on the floor of the House on my watch.

Case in point, I’ve seen commentators cite the GOP bill to loosen restrictions on silencers that is currently making its way through Congress as contributing to an environment where these shootings will continue to occur, an erroneous line of reasoning that completely ignores how our party’s many active attempts to repeal Obamacare would make it significantly harder, if not impossible, for millions of unwell individuals to visit mental health specialists and receive the treatment necessary to keep their erratic behavior in check.

If we as a nation are really serious about preventing future tragedies, we shouldn’t focus on regulating so-called gun sale loopholes and outlawing high-capacity magazines, the very mention of which will elicit an overwhelming and immediate nullifying response should it be breathed on the floor of the House. Instead, we need to pay attention to the fact that many people with treatable mental illnesses struggle to afford medication or therapy, and then work around the clock to ensure that their meager options only dwindle further and become more expensive. That is where we need to be focused as a nation.

If we’re going to get anywhere, we must see this problem for what it truly is: a nationwide mental health crisis that my policies have allowed to metastasize and that I am working continuously to exacerbate. Not some issue of who can and can’t buy guns, all legislation about which I, along with the powerful resources of supportive lobbyists, have suppressed with exceptional efficiency.

Because as easy as it is to blame this unconscionable loss of human life on background check laws designed to maximize the profits of the gun industry at the expense of public safety, the real fault lies with healthcare legislation designed to maximize insurance industry profits at the expense of public safety.

Remember, it’s not guns we’ve deliberately removed all barriers to owning that kill people. It’s people to whom we continually deny basic care that kill people.

=== fake news ===
BOMBSHELL: AT LEAST 25 MILLION DEAD AND FRAUDULENT “REGISTERED VOTERS” IN 2016

A study revealing that over 800,000 non-citizens voted for Hillary Clinton doesn’t account for dead and fraudulent voters, which accounted for over 25 million “registered voters” during the 2012 presidential election – and little has changed since then.
Illegal alien voters combined with dead and “multiple state” voters could easily explain Clinton’s “popular vote” margin over Donald Trump in the 2016 presidential election, especially considering that her “victory” came from Democratic-controlled counties known for illegal immigration and loose voter ID laws such as in New York and California.
“A report by the Pew Center on the States finds that more than 1.8 million dead people are currently registered to vote, and 24 million registrations are either invalid or inaccurate,” NPR reported in 2012, which is ironic given how NPR is heavily controlled by Democrats.
And many of the dead, registered voters somehow keep voting Democrat from beyond the grave, most recently in Philadelphia, Penn. and Colorado.
It’s also worth noting that the U.S. population has increased since 2012, meaning that there’s likely more dead and invalid voters than before.
“…The Pew study found that almost 3 million people are registered to vote in more than one state,” NPR added.
That’s because when a new resident registers to vote in a state, officials usually never bother to tell his former state about the change in voter residency.
Under the “catch and release” immigration program by the Obama administration, illegal aliens were routinely given bus tickets to travel to other states by immigration officials, so it was theoretically possible for non-citizens to register to vote in a border country illegally, then register to vote in another state after their taxpayer-funded bus dropped them off.
Clinton won most of the 163 most populous counties in the US that account for half of the total votes in the election, including dense urban areas in New York and California, yet she only won the popular vote by 2.8 million votes, which reveals the lack of enthusiasm voters had for her in comparison to Trump – and that Democrats would have depended more on illegal votes.
A portion of the 24 million invalid voter registrations combined with a portion of the 1.8 million dead voters and the over 800,000 known illegal voters could explain the difference of 2.8 million votes, and it’s worth noting that the 800,000 figure could be a low, conservative estimate.
That said, a popular vote victory is meaningless; if the president was elected by popular vote, then both Trump and Clinton would have campaigned in entirely different states because only densely population regions of the U.S. would decide who would become president.
Without the electoral college, the United States of America would be reduced to the United States of New York and California, with 48 other vassal states.
Yet notice how Clinton campaigned in other, less populated states.  They knew the popular vote was meaningless ahead of the election.
However, the popular vote is useful as a barometer for voter fraud since the most populous countries are also the most susceptible to election tampering by illegal, invalid and dead voters.
